org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListArtistBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListArtistBindingImpl
com/leaf/explorer/viewmodel/MainViewModelFactory.java
 com.leaf.explorer.viewmodel.MainViewModelFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutReceiveBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutReceiveBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_WebTransferDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_WebTransferDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListFileNouveauBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListFileNouveauBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TransferItemFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TransferItemFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ReceiverViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ReceiverViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/BuildConfig.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.BuildConfig
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_PackageInstallerActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_PackageInstallerActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutUserProfileBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutUserProfileBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_ProfileEditorFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_ProfileEditorFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/ExtrasRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.ExtrasRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListAppBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListAppBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_content_ClientContentComponent.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_content_ClientContentComponent
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ContentBrowserViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ContentBrowserViewModel_Factory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ContentBrowserViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/AppBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AppBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/Hilt_WebShareLauncherFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.Hilt_WebShareLauncherFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/WebShareViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.WebShareViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/ClientDao_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$3
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$4
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$5
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$6
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$7
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$8
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientDao_Impl$9
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSongBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSongBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/GlideRequests.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.GlideRequests
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_PrepareSharingFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_PrepareSharingFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/AudioBrowserViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AudioBrowserViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/andserver/processor/generator/AdapterRegister.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.andserver.processor.generator.AdapterRegister
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.AppDatabase_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.AppDatabase_Impl$1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/RoomModule_ProvideClientDaoFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.RoomModule_ProvideClientDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/AppBrowserViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AppBrowserViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_LicensesFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_LicensesFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharingSelectionViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingSelectionViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_AcceptClientFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_AcceptClientFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/IntroductionProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.IntroductionProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/RoomModule_ProvideSharedTextDaoFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.RoomModule_ProvideSharedTextDaoFactory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutTransferItemBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutTransferItemBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListPathBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListPathBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListImageBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListImageBinding
com/leaf/explorer/listener/MusicSelectListener.java
 com.leaf.explorer.listener.MusicSelectListener
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.DataBinderMapperImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/RoomModule_ProvideRoomDatabaseFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.RoomModule_ProvideRoomDatabaseFactory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/GlideApp.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.GlideApp
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSongBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSongBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/app/Hilt_FileExplorer.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.Hilt_FileExplorer
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.Hilt_FileExplorer$1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/TransferDao_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$10
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$3
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$4
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$5
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$6
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$7
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$8
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferDao_Impl$9
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/ImageBrowserViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.ImageBrowserViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutWifiConnectBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutWifiConnectBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_LicensesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_LicensesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/leaf/explorer/player/PlayerManager.java
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerManager
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerManager$1
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerManager$MediaObserver
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerManager$NotificationReceiver
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/PreparationViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.PreparationViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.PreparationViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.PreparationViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_service_TogglingTileService_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_service_TogglingTileService_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSectionDateBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSectionDateBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutWebTransferDetailsBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutWebTransferDetailsBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/andserver/processor/generator/ConfigRegister.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.andserver.processor.generator.ConfigRegister
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_SelectionsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_SelectionsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/TransportSessionModule_ProvideTransportSessionFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.TransportSessionModule_ProvideTransportSessionFactory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/UserDataRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.UserDataRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutContentBrowserBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutContentBrowserBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/content/AudioStore_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.content.AudioStore_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/PreparationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.PreparationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.PreparationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/RoomModule_ProvideTransferDaoFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.RoomModule_ProvideTransferDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/WebTransferDao_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebTransferDao_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebTransferDao_Impl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebTransferDao_Impl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebTransferDao_Impl$3
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebTransferDao_Impl$4
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebTransferDao_Impl$5
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebTransferDao_Impl$6
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebTransferDao_Impl$7
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_FilePickerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_FilePickerFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_PrepareIndexFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_PrepareIndexFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListArtistBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListArtistBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListAlbumBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListAlbumBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AudioBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AudioBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/PreparationViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.PreparationViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_SharingActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_SharingActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_NetworkManagerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_NetworkManagerFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_HomeActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_HomeActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/LicensesViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.LicensesViewModel_Factory
com/leaf/explorer/fragment/SongsFragment.java
 com.leaf.explorer.fragment.SongsFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_WelcomeActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_WelcomeActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/WebTransferDetailsViewModel_Factory_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.WebTransferDetailsViewModel_Factory_Impl
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_app_FileExplorer.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_app_FileExplorer
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_di_TransportSessionModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_di_TransportSessionModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSharedTextBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSharedTextBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_IntroductionProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_IntroductionProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ManageClientsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ManageClientsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ChangelogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ChangelogFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListFileNouveauBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListFileNouveauBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_VideoBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_VideoBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListConnectionBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListConnectionBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListWebTransferBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListWebTransferBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientConnectionViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientConnectionViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSharedTextBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSharedTextBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSectionTitleBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSectionTitleBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListWebTransferBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListWebTransferBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_WebShareLauncherFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_WebShareLauncherFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TextEditorViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TextEditorViewModel_Factory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TextEditorViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/GlideOptions.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.GlideOptions
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/WebTransferDetailsViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.WebTransferDetailsViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSharingItemBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSharingItemBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/WebShareViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.WebShareViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.WebShareViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/SafFolderDao_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SafFolderDao_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SafFolderDao_Impl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SafFolderDao_Impl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SafFolderDao_Impl$3
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SafFolderDao_Impl$4
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SafFolderDao_Impl$5
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_app_Activity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_app_Activity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_CrashLogFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_CrashLogFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ReceiveFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ReceiveFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutConnectionOptionsBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutConnectionOptionsBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/CrashLogViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.CrashLogViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListVideoBucketBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListVideoBucketBinding
com/leaf/explorer/helper/MusicLibraryHelper.java
 com.leaf.explorer.helper.MusicLibraryHelper
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_service_BackgroundService_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_service_BackgroundService_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_CrashLogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_CrashLogFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/app/FileExplorer_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_di_RoomModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_di_RoomModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutSplashBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutSplashBindingImpl
com/leaf/explorer/player/PlayerDialog.java
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerDialog
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListPathBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListPathBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ChangelogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ChangelogFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutPrepareSharingBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutPrepareSharingBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_SharingFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_SharingFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListVideoBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListVideoBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/FilesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.FilesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.FilesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/protocol/MainConnectionFactory_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.protocol.MainConnectionFactory_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/RoomModule_ProvideWebTransferDaoFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.RoomModule_ProvideWebTransferDaoFactory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/leaf/explorer/listener/PlayerListener.java
 com.leaf.explorer.listener.PlayerListener
 com.leaf.explorer.listener.PlayerListener$State
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSharingItemBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSharingItemBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/leaf/explorer/player/PlayerNotificationManager.java
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerNotificationManager
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListTransferItemBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListTransferItemBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutTransferItemBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutTransferItemBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AudioBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_FileBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_FileBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutContentBrowserBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutContentBrowserBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/GlideRequest.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.GlideRequest
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutProfileEditorBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutProfileEditorBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSectionTitleBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSectionTitleBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ConnectionOptionsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ConnectionOptionsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutSplashBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutSplashBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/content/VideoStore_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.content.VideoStore_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_di_SingletonUprotocolModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_di_SingletonUprotocolModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/content/AppStore_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.content.AppStore_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListImageBucketBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListImageBucketBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutSharingBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutSharingBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/SharedTextDao_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SharedTextDao_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SharedTextDao_Impl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SharedTextDao_Impl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SharedTextDao_Impl$3
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SharedTextDao_Impl$4
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SharedTextDao_Impl$5
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SharedTextDao_Impl$6
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.SharedTextDao_Impl$7
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ClientConnectionFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ClientConnectionFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_receiver_BgBroadcastReceiver_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_receiver_BgBroadcastReceiver_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ManualConnectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_PrepareSharingFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_PrepareSharingFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ChangelogViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListTransferBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListTransferBindingImpl
com/leaf/explorer/helper/VersioningHelper.java
 com.leaf.explorer.helper.VersioningHelper
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/CrashLogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.CrashLogFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/leaf/explorer/MPConstants.java
 com.leaf.explorer.MPConstants
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListPermissionBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListPermissionBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/ClientAddressDao_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientAddressDao_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientAddressDao_Impl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientAddressDao_Impl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.ClientAddressDao_Impl$3
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/PrepareIndexViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.PrepareIndexViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/WebServerModule_ProvidesWebServerFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.WebServerModule_ProvidesWebServerFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_LicensesFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_LicensesFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/PrepareIndexFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.PrepareIndexFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutEmptyContentBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutEmptyContentBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TransferDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TransferDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutConnectionOptionsBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutConnectionOptionsBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_WebShareViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_WebShareViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/VideoBrowserViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.VideoBrowserViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutBarcodeScannerBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutBarcodeScannerBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/Hilt_ManualConnectionFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.Hilt_ManualConnectionFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/PrepareSharingFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.PrepareSharingFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/Hilt_PrepareIndexFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.Hilt_PrepareIndexFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/TransfersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransfersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransfersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutWebShareLauncherBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutWebShareLauncherBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_BarcodeScannerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_BarcodeScannerFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TransferHistoryFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TransferHistoryFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharedTextsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ChangelogViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ChangelogViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/SelectionsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.SelectionsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutWebShareLauncherBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutWebShareLauncherBindingImpl
com/leaf/explorer/player/PlayerQueue.java
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerQueue
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutUserProfileBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutUserProfileBindingImpl
com/leaf/explorer/adapter/SongsAdapter.java
 com.leaf.explorer.adapter.SongsAdapter
 com.leaf.explorer.adapter.SongsAdapter$MyViewHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharingSelectionViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutEmptyContentBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutEmptyContentBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/content/ImageStore_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.content.ImageStore_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ClientDetailsViewModel_Factory_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ClientDetailsViewModel_Factory_Impl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_di_WebServerModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_di_WebServerModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/ClientRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.ClientRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutWifiConnectBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutWifiConnectBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutManualConnectionBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutManualConnectionBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_service_web_di_WebEntryPoint.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_service_web_di_WebEntryPoint
com/leaf/explorer/model/Music.java
 com.leaf.explorer.model.Music
 com.leaf.explorer.model.Music$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_PreparationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_PreparationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/LicensesFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.LicensesFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/LicensesViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.LicensesViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.LicensesViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.LicensesViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/WebShareLauncherFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.WebShareLauncherFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ClientDetailsViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ClientDetailsViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/RoomModule_ProvideTransferItemDaoFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.RoomModule_ProvideTransferItemDaoFactory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListImageBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListImageBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_FilesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_FilesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/SharingSelectionsViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.SharingSelectionsViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListTransferBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListTransferBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/ManualConnectionViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ManualConnectionViewModel_Factory
com/leaf/explorer/helper/ListHelper.java
 com.leaf.explorer.helper.ListHelper
 com.leaf.explorer.helper.SongComparator
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AppBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AppBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutSharingBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutSharingBindingImpl
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutPrepareSharingBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutPrepareSharingBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_ImageBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_ImageBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ProfileEditorFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ProfileEditorFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/leaf/explorer/MusicActivity.java
 com.leaf.explorer.MusicActivity
com/leaf/explorer/player/PlayerService.java
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerService
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerService$1
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerService$LocalBinder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_ChangelogFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_ChangelogFragment
com/leaf/explorer/player/PlayerBuilder.java
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerBuilder
 com.leaf.explorer.player.PlayerBuilder$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_TransfersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_TransfersViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/WebClientDao_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebClientDao_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebClientDao_Impl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebClientDao_Impl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.WebClientDao_Impl$3
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/leaf/explorer/viewmodel/MainViewModel.java
 com.leaf.explorer.viewmodel.MainViewModel
 com.leaf.explorer.viewmodel.SongComparator
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/WebDataRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.WebDataRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/Hilt_AppBrowserFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.Hilt_AppBrowserFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListLibraryLicenseBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListLibraryLicenseBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ManualConnectionFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_ManualConnectionFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/ManualConnectionFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ManualConnectionFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/UserProfileViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.UserProfileViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/BarcodeScannerViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.BarcodeScannerViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientConnectionViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/SelectionRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.SelectionRepository_Factory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.SelectionRepository_Factory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_PreparationViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_PreparationViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutProfileEditorBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutProfileEditorBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_PrepareIndexViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/database/TransferItemDao_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$10
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$3
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$4
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$5
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$6
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$7
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$8
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.database.TransferItemDao_Impl$9
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutBarcodeScannerBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutBarcodeScannerBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_PickClientFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_PickClientFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/LicensesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.LicensesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.LicensesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharingViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_SharingViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharedTextsViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharedTextsViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_FilesViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_FilesViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ContentBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ContentBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_TransfersViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_TransfersViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutReceiveBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutReceiveBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutWebTransferDetailsBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutWebTransferDetailsBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/transfer/WebShareViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.WebShareViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.WebShareViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.transfer.WebShareViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ContentBrowserViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.DataBindingTriggerClass
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_app_FileExplorer_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_app_FileExplorer_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListVideoBucketBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListVideoBucketBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListImageBucketBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListImageBucketBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_LicensesViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_LicensesViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_ClientsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/Hilt_IntroductionProfileFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_IntroductionProfileFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/Hilt_SelectionsFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.Hilt_SelectionsFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListVideoBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListVideoBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/util/WiFiDirectManager.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.util.WiFiDirectManager
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.util.WiFiDirectManager$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.util.WiFiDirectManager$P2PAPI
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.util.WiFiDirectManager$P2PAPI$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.util.WiFiDirectManager$P2PAPI$2
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListConnectionBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListConnectionBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutManualConnectionBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutManualConnectionBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TextEditorFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_TextEditorFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.ImageBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_SharingSelectionsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListAppBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListAppBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_ContentBrowserActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_activity_ContentBrowserActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/app/FileExplorer_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_ComponentTreeDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_AppBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListTransferItemBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListTransferItemBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/MediaRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.MediaRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListSectionDateBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListSectionDateBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.VideoBrowserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/RoomModule_ProvideSafFolderDaoFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.RoomModule_ProvideSafFolderDaoFactory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_viewmodel_UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_WebShareViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_content_transfer_WebShareViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ProfileEditorFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ProfileEditorFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ClientDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ClientDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/di/RoomModule_ProvideClientAddressDaoFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.di.RoomModule_ProvideClientAddressDaoFactory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/SharedTextRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.SharedTextRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_ReceiverViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListPermissionBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListPermissionBindingImpl
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_app_FileExplorer.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_app_FileExplorer
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/BR.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.BR
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TextEditorViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._org_monora_uprotocol_client_android_fragment_pickclient_BarcodeScannerViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListLibraryLicenseBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListLibraryLicenseBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListAlbumBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListAlbumBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.CrashLogViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TransferHistoryFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TransferHistoryFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/Hilt_BackgroundService.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.Hilt_BackgroundService
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/TransferDetailsViewModel_Factory_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransferDetailsViewModel_Factory_Impl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ContentBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ContentBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/Hilt_AudioBrowserFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.Hilt_AudioBrowserFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/Hilt_ConnectionOptionsFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.Hilt_ConnectionOptionsFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/app/DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl$2
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl$3
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl$4
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.DaggerFileExplorer_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/TransferDetailsViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransferDetailsViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/receiver/Hilt_BgBroadcastReceiver.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.receiver.Hilt_BgBroadcastReceiver
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/TransferTaskRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.TransferTaskRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/backend/TransportRegistry_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.backend.TransportRegistry_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_SharingFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_SharingFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/web/SharingControllerDownloadHandler.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.web.SharingControllerDownloadHandler
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/BackgroundService_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.BackgroundService_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TransferDetailsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TransferDetailsFragment_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/HomeActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.HomeActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/PackageInstallerViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.PackageInstallerViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/Hilt_AcceptClientFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.Hilt_AcceptClientFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/ContentBrowserActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.ContentBrowserActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TextEditorFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TextEditorFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/Hilt_PackageInstallerActivity.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_PackageInstallerActivity
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_PackageInstallerActivity$1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/IncludeLayoutClientDetailBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.IncludeLayoutClientDetailBindingImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.IncludeLayoutClientDetailBindingImpl$1
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.IncludeLayoutClientDetailBindingImpl$OnCheckedChangeListenerImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.IncludeLayoutClientDetailBindingImpl$OnCheckedChangeListenerImpl1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListManageClientBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListManageClientBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListClientGridBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListClientGridBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/receiver/BgBroadcastReceiver_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.receiver.BgBroadcastReceiver_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ItemViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ItemViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListManageClientBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListManageClientBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/Hilt_WelcomeActivity.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_WelcomeActivity
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_WelcomeActivity$1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/receiver/BgBroadcastReceiver_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.receiver.BgBroadcastReceiver_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/Hilt_HomeActivity.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_HomeActivity
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_HomeActivity$1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/web/SharingControllerUploadHandler.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.web.SharingControllerUploadHandler
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/ConnectionOptionsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ConnectionOptionsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/util/NsdDaemon_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.util.NsdDaemon_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TransferDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TransferDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutTransferDetailsBindingLandImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutTransferDetailsBindingLandImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutTransferDetailsBindingLandImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_ContentBrowserFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_ContentBrowserFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/PackageInstallerActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.PackageInstallerActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/AudioBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.AudioBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/NetworkManagerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.NetworkManagerFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/TaskRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.TaskRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/Hilt_ClientConnectionFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.Hilt_ClientConnectionFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutClientConnectionBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutClientConnectionBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ReceiveFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ReceiveFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/TransferManagerViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransferManagerViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/Hilt_BarcodeScannerFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.Hilt_BarcodeScannerFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ItemViewModel_Factory_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ItemViewModel_Factory_Impl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/BarcodeScannerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.BarcodeScannerFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TransferItemFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TransferItemFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/backend/Services_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.backend.Services_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutClientConnectionBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutClientConnectionBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/WebTransferDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.WebTransferDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_NetworkManagerFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_NetworkManagerFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/WebTransferDetailsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.WebTransferDetailsFragment_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/web/SharingControllerThumbnailHandler.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.web.SharingControllerThumbnailHandler
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/Hilt_TogglingTileService.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.Hilt_TogglingTileService
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/protocol/MainTransportSeat_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.protocol.MainTransportSeat_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/NetworkManagerFragment_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.NetworkManagerFragment_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_WebTransferDetailsFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_WebTransferDetailsFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_TransferDetailsFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_TransferDetailsFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutTransferDetailsBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutTransferDetailsBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_TransferItemFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_TransferItemFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/TogglingTileService_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.TogglingTileService_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/app/Hilt_Activity.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.Hilt_Activity
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.Hilt_Activity$1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/IncludeLayoutClientDetailBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.IncludeLayoutClientDetailBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/Hilt_FileBrowserFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.Hilt_FileBrowserFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/VideoBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.VideoBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/web/SharingControllerAdapter.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.web.SharingControllerAdapter
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ManageClientsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ManageClientsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/PickClientFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.PickClientFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/SharingActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.SharingActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/WelcomeActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.WelcomeActivity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutClientDetailPickBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutClientDetailPickBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/OnlineClientRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.OnlineClientRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/TransfersViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransfersViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransfersViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransfersViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/PackageInstallerActivity_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.PackageInstallerActivity_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/web/SharingControllerIndexHandler.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.web.SharingControllerIndexHandler
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/TogglingTileService_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.TogglingTileService_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/web/SharingControllerVerifyHandler.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.web.SharingControllerVerifyHandler
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/TransfersViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransfersViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/Hilt_PickClientFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.Hilt_PickClientFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListClientGridBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListClientGridBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_ReceiveFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_ReceiveFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/TransferRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.TransferRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_ManageClientsFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_ManageClientsFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharingViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/web/SharingControllerIndexHandler1.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.web.SharingControllerIndexHandler1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListFilePickerBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListFilePickerBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/FileBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.FileBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/app/FileExplorer_HiltComponents.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.FileExplorer_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/FilePickerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.FilePickerFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientPickerViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/data/FileRepository_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.data.FileRepository_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/web/SharingControllerDownloadZipHandler.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.web.SharingControllerDownloadZipHandler
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/app/Activity_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.Activity_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_FilePickerFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_FilePickerFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutClientDetailBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutClientDetailBindingImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutClientDetailBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/FilesViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.FilesViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.FilesViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.FilesViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ClientDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ClientDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/PackageInstallerViewModel_Factory_Impl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.PackageInstallerViewModel_Factory_Impl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/ClientDetailsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.ClientDetailsFragment_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/TransferItemFragment_MembersInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.TransferItemFragment_MembersInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListFilePickerBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListFilePickerBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/Hilt_ImageBrowserFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.Hilt_ImageBrowserFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.TransferManagerViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/Hilt_ContentBrowserActivity.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_ContentBrowserActivity
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_ContentBrowserActivity$1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/activity/Hilt_SharingActivity.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_SharingActivity
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.activity.Hilt_SharingActivity$1
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/ImageBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.ImageBrowserFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/SharingViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.SharingViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/protocol/MainPersistenceProvider_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.protocol.MainPersistenceProvider_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/AcceptClientFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.AcceptClientFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientsViewModel_HiltModules
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientPickerViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientPickerViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutClientDetailBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutClientDetailBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/backend/Backend_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.backend.Backend_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/content/Hilt_VideoBrowserFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.content.Hilt_VideoBrowserFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/ClientsViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.ClientsViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListPickClientBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListPickClientBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_TransferHistoryFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_TransferHistoryFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_TextEditorFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_TextEditorFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/SharingFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.SharingFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/app/Activity_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.app.Activity_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/viewmodel/FilesViewModel_Factory.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.viewmodel.FilesViewModel_Factory
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/service/BackgroundService_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.service.BackgroundService_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/ListPickClientBinding.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.ListPickClientBinding
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutTransferDetailsBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutTransferDetailsBindingImpl
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutTransferDetailsBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/databinding/LayoutClientDetailPickBindingImpl.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.databinding.LayoutClientDetailPickBindingImpl
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/Hilt_ClientDetailsFragment.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.Hilt_ClientDetailsFragment
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/fragment/pickclient/ClientConnectionFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.fragment.pickclient.ClientConnectionFragment_GeneratedInjector
org/monora/uprotocol/client/android/andserver/plugin/generator/Qqpbaiamgt.java
 org.monora.uprotocol.client.android.andserver.plugin.generator.Qqpbaiamgt
